Add gas cap option to docs (#1504)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/cli/options.md

:::

### `rpc-gas-cap`

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="Syntax" label="Syntax" default>

```bash
--rpc-gas-cap=<INTEGER>
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Example" label="Example">

```bash
--rpc-gas-cap=50000000
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable">

```bash
BESU_RPC_GAS_CAP=50000000
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file">

```bash
rpc-gas-cap=50000000
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

> Sets a limit on the amount of gas that can be used for executing a transaction using HTTP JSON-RPC methods. This limit prevents gas amounts from being set too high, which can cause network congestion and increase transaction costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets a cap for transaction simulation RPC methods. Must be >=0. The default is 0 which means no limit. This cap prevents excessive resource usage from eth_call requests.
```

Reviewer: you could link to eth_call

Reviewer: this cap is only for transaction simulation, not actual transaction execution

Author: Thanks so much! Super helpful

Author: Is this new wording accurate.. or should I add exactly what you have?

Reviewer: looks good

> Sets a limit on the amount of gas for transaction simulation RPC methods. Its value must be greater than or equal to `0`. The default is `0`, which indicates there is no limit. This cap prevents [eth_call](../api/index.md#eth_call) requests from using excessive resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets a limit on the amount of gas for transaction simulation RPC methods. Its value must be greater than or equal to `0`. The default is `0`, which indicates there is no limit. This cap prevents [`eth_call`](../api/index.md#eth_call) requests from using excessive resources.
```

> Sets a limit on the amount of gas for transaction simulation RPC methods. Its value must be greater than or equal to `0`. By default, it is set to `0`, which indicates there is no limit. This cap prevents excessive resource use from [eth_call](../api/index.md#eth_call) requests.

Reviewer 3: Sets a limit on the amount of gas for transaction simulation RPC methods. Its value must be greater than or equal to `0`. By default, it is set to `0`, which indicates there is no limit. This cap prevents [eth_call](../api/index.md#eth_call) requests from using excessive resources.

Author: Added! Thank you
